Scenario 01

INITIAL ASSUMPTION
Member1 wants to start a voice-and-video-call to Member2 on his contact-list.

NORMAL
He sends a request to the other user. The other User accepts the request. The System builds a P2P
connection between those Users. Data is exchanged via that connection. A video-chat-window and tab opens 
on both Members platforms.


WHAT CAN GO WRONG

//too many tabs opened??//

The request is not sent/not received
  Give feedback to Member1 (such as timeout)
  
The Member1 is blocked by Member2.
  Give feedback to Member1 ("Member2 blocked you")
  
The connection collapses
  Give feedback to Member1 and Member2 (connection timeout)

OTHER ACTIVITIES
There may not be more than one video-call to a single Member at the same time. 

SYSTEM STATE ON COMPLETION
The data-stream is stopped. The video-chat-windows and tabs close on both Members platforms. The connection is cut (cancelled).


1: Phone-call between two Members
2: Chat between two Users

Scenario 03

INITIAL ASSUMPTION
member1 wants to start a conference with video, chat and whiteboard functionality

NORMAL

the member starts a conference with the plugins he wants.
He invites other people to this conference by sending them a link to the conference directly through
the system (if they're members), or through email (if not members).
Each user, once he joins, will be able to see other people's chat messages and videos, and can hear their audio. He can also draw on the whiteboard.
Users will see a video tab for the videos of other users, and a whiteboard tab where they can draw together.
Each user can choose if he wants to share his video and audio or not.

WHAT CAN GO WRONG

A user is abusing one or more plugin
  the moderator or a sub-moderator can kick the user from the conference, or block the user from accessing the plugin(s) he's abusing
  
the user doesn't have a camera, or a microphone, or both.
  Video and audio sharing will be disabled for that user, he'll still be able to see the others though.
  
A user's internet speed is too low for video streaming
  the user will be given the option to disbale video streaming, or lower the quality
  
A user is blocked by another
  the other user will not see this user's chat messages and video, nor hear his audio.
  
The connection collapses
  Give feedback to all users (connection timeout)
  
The moderator leaves the conference
  the system assigns a sub-moderator as the current moderator, if at least one sub-moderator exists. If not, then some other member will be randomly assigned as moderator.
  
The server is overloaded
  show a message to the users, that they should expect issues because of overload

OTHER ACTIVITIES
  Each user can take part in other conferences, but will have his audio and video disabled

SYSTEM STATE ON COMPLETION
The conference is stopped. All the tabs close on all users' platforms. The connection is cut (cancelled).
  
4: Hold a lecture (open gruop chat, only one person talking on video)
5: Share a Document
6: Share Screen
7: log a conference
